DOCS-#3204: Add a section regarding general rules for committers (#3207)
modin-project/modin: docs/contributing.rst

The commit message should follow a colon (:) and be descriptive and succinct.

General Rules for committers
----------------------------

> - Try to keep a PR name as much descriptive as possible

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try to write a PR name as descriptive as possible.
```

> - Try to keep PRs as small as possible. One PR should be making one semantically atomic change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try to keep PRs as small as possible. One PR should be making one semantically atomic change.
```

> - Don't merge own PRs even If you are eligible to do it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Don't merge your own PRs even if you are technically able to do it
```

> - Don't merge your own PRs even if you are technically able to do it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't merge your own PRs even if you are technically able to do it.
```
